Sorry, sorry.
how
How is it you, husband?
What are you doing here, Mickey?
you
You are
Wife
Sorry.
Dr. Chu, you are
Humph
Are you here to catch rape?
It's the first time I've seen it.
Bring a babysitter to catch rape
Business Mrs. Chen
Minghua, he definitely didn't do it on purpose
Don't get me wrong
Today is Lin Xi's appointment with us.
It's the mall's investment plan to expand your hospital
You actually made such a joke
Mrs. Chen, I really didn't mean to do it just now.
I really didn't know you were there.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Chen.
Oh, shut up.
Is that so?
Let's go back first
You rest today
I'm sorry, Mrs. Chen, let's go, I'm not leaving yet
Uh go go
I didn't expect Mrs. Chen's acting skills to be so good
I didn't expect him to be such a person
He's even a nanny
I have to get him
Don't worry, I'll help you.
Gotta be good sisters. Well, cheers
Honey, don't be angry.
Don't touch me. It's not embarrassing enough
You stop for me